Ly Van Hieu, do you know the crime?
Princess Royal
You are a princess.
You've hidden me 20
Why don't you tell me why?
No. Why?
The happy bow is as simple as that.
The Queen
I know I'm wrong.
He knows wrong.
Can you keep your child alive?
Security King, you don t have to lower your posture like that.
Like you said.
You will receive the reward of the gods.
Adopted by the Lord as a son
Give the King Security
One step to the sky.
Very noble.
Why let someone else let you live?
Ms. Li, please send it for processing.
I have nothing to say.
Previously in the house.
He said he wanted to break my leg.
Look how hard my bones are.
Then I called on the whole school to cut me off.
In your eyes
I'm just a rural woman who doesn't discriminate.
deserved to be killed.
Now you will let me give up lightly.
I'm afraid I'm not qualified to be.
Home To
If I were you
How do you feel?
My family, you are so brave.
Ma'am, please.
I don't have eyes.
Insulting you
And the ministers want to cut off my life.
How?
I'm waiting for eyes without seeds.
I don't know Thai Son.
The Chief Princess.